you're in your car driving back home
when you see some dogs up for adoption
you figure
why not rescue a cute pooch and give it
a warm home
you pull over and see a massive goliath
of a dog
it's got pointy ears and huge paws its
eyes are deep and sharp you're staring
at a wolf
dog hybrid this can happen in the wild
and it's pretty common to see in many
households
it's actually the most common wild and
domesticated animal cross out there
with an estimated 400 000 of these as
pets in the united states alone
there are many combinations of these
animals but the most common are gray
wolves mixed with german shepherds or
siberian huskies
these crosses may seem majestic but
they're really dangerous to have around
the house
many cases were reported of wolf dogs
attacking their owners
for random and unpredictable reasons
it's best to leave these doggos alone
and speaking of wild doggos some of the
most dangerous ones out there
also look quite adorable you better keep
some distance if you ever come across
one of these because they will chase
after you
they're even called the kings of
australia the one and only
dingo these animals have been around for
hundreds of years across southeast
asia to australia their golden brown
color
blends with their surroundings making
them even more dangerous when lurking
around for prey
and just like a wolf dog hybrid many
dingoes are also bred with domesticated
dogs
to create a dingo doggo combo yeah i
said that
now that may sound cute but they're
anything but
they're still wild animals that hunt in
packs
and are ruthless even to humans
now this one may seem like a no-brainer
but there are enthusiasts out there who
keep
venomous snakes in their houses not
everyone can handle those serpents
since they need proper care and
attention some states
even banned owning them sure
it may be pretty cool to show off one of
these to a group of friends at a party
but stats show that there are at least
ten thousand snake bites a year in the
united
states some of these are pets snake
handling professionals equip themselves
with proper gear and tools
when extracting them from unwanted areas
so having one in the house on purpose is
risky enough
and there are many venomous snakes in
the wild that are
actually in danger and shouldn't be kept
at home unless for nurturing
when first introducing this animal
explorers described it as a mix of
a duck a beaver and an otter the size of
a house cat
that laid eggs come again scientists
brushed the platypus off as
fiction until they saw it with their own
eyes
cute as it may be this weird mammal
is actually venomous on its webbed back
feet
its heels hold spurs for self-defense
and to escape and wiggle their way out
of danger
as you can imagine keeping a venomous
duckbill beaver isn't something you
should do
even though they look so adorable as
babies
platypuses are extremely hard to take
care of and
need massive amounts of real estate to
swim and roam around
they're really picky with their diet and
can be quite aggressive when
handling them but they might make a good
secret agent
owning a cat isn't usually a big deal
unless you're dealing with a serval
these wild cats are bigger than the
typical house cat
and look like little leopards yeah they
look majestic
and like to jump from place to place but
they're still not highly recommended to
keep it home
they've been known to cause a ruckus in
the house and rip up curtains and
couches with their claws
they rarely listen to humans and are
aggressive when played with
they're very clever and need loads of
places to climb and explore
and do all kinds of serval things
[Music]
a slow loris is just an animal you want
to hug
all day its large bulging eyes make you
want to cry for joy
the way it grabs onto branches with its
tiny hands
brings smiles to everyone and it does it
all so
slowly but there's a dark secret to
handling these primates
they're endangered and illegal and even
though
they look oh so cute to handle they're
actually in extreme distress
they're night animals and can't handle
too much interaction
and it's enough knowing they're actually
venomous
they're the only primates in the world
to have a toxic bite that can pack a
hurtful punch
at least it will be hard outrunning
these creatures
koalas are also animals that enjoy
climbing tree branches and eating
but having one of these at home is
totally unadvisable
these animals are very protective of
their young and aggressive
if they feel threatened and despite
being called koala bears
they're not related to bears at all
they're marsupials or in english
related to kangaroos and wombats and
like kangaroos
they have pouches for the babies to grow
up in
they have opposable thumbs like primates
and humans
to grab onto branches and climb trying
to domesticate these animals won't work
and feeding them is the main reason they
can't live with humans
they need special eucalyptus leaves that
grow in forests in order to survive
which means they need large forced
ranges to thrive
what do you get when you have a possum
looking animal the size of your palm
with wings
nope not a bat but a sugar glider
and they don't actually have wings so
they don't technically fly
bats still hold the record for the only
winged mammal out there
rather these marsupials have a thick
layer of skin
that stretches from their hands to their
back ankles that acts like a glider
their thick furry tails are used to
steer themselves while gliding down
and while they might seem cute and
superhero like
they don't belong indoors with people
they're animals that are naturally born
to live in big
families with their own kind when people
get these animals as
pets they usually have one or two at
home
and they need trees to scale up and
glide down
not to mention sugar gliders are
nocturnal and sleep all day to be active
at night
which goes against humans unless you're
a night owl
and speaking of owls and other nocturnal
creatures
owls are animals that shouldn't be kept
in cages or in barns
we've all fantasized about an owl
carrying a letter to our windows
when we were younger but that doesn't
mean owls are these magical creatures
that can be kept as pets
for starters owls are solitary creatures
and don't understand a flock mentality
like many other birds
which is why they're not accustomed to
having company and being cuddled with
daily
and if you decided to keep an owl
indoors then consider your furniture
gone
owls need space to fly around and do
alish things
so your curtains pillows and bookshelves
won't be spared
and being nocturnal animals owls tend to
throw the biggest parties at night when
everyone's sleeping
now hedgehogs may seem like the perfect
pet to have around the house
but they come with some restraints
although adorable little animals
the prickly spikes on their backs may
not be for the faint-hearted
many injuries can be a result of
mishandling
and the fact that they roll up into a
cute ball for self-defense
they're solitary creatures as well and
can't be around
other hedgehogs or anything they might
find threatening
and like most solitude lovers hedgehogs
are nocturnal
and like to go for late night cruises
alone
so if you do happen to get one of these
spike balls
make sure to have a lot of room for it
to explore
daily with a ring tail
reddish brown color these fluff balls
make the best cuddle companions out
there
i mean who can resist the cuteness of
the red panda
and no it's not related to the giant
panda but it still is cute
and i don't mean to burst your bubble
but it's best to leave these creatures
alone
they're found in southeast asia in dense
rain forests
and can't be in captivity and just like
cats
they have sharp claws that'll redecorate
your home interior
and not in a good way when threatened
they release a foul
odor to escape from danger hey i can
relate
although its big fluffy ears make it
even more irresistible
it's best to let these guys do their own
thing